README.md, before:

# Discord Guides - Markdown guides for DiscordApp.
These are the guides used on [TheCrossroads.xyz](https://thecrossroads.xyz "The Crossroads") to guide new (or experienced) users through [Discord](https://discordapp.com).

## Contributing
Correct folder structure and metadata structure is very important, as these metadata formats are read internally by a computer.

- Categories go into their own folders with lowercase dash-separated names
- Category folders contain a `category.json` file with information about the category. An example of a file using this format can be found in [example/category.json](https://github.com/TheCrossroads/discord-guides/blob/master/example/category.json)
- Document files are written in Markdown (`.md` files)
- Document files follow a set style-guide, as outlined in [example/document.md](https://github.com/TheCrossroads/discord-guides/blob/master/example/document.md)
- An example document can be found at [example/example.md](https://github.com/TheCrossroads/discord-guides/blob/master/example/example.md)

## License
All documentation in this repository, including user contributions, is licensed under [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). By committing to this repository, you agree to let your work be under this license.

"Discord", "Discord App", and any associated logos are registered trademarks of Hammer & Chisel, inc.

Commit message:

Add notice to README about major and minor edits

README.md, after:

# Discord Guides - Markdown guides for DiscordApp.
These are the guides used on [TheCrossroads.xyz](https://thecrossroads.xyz "The Crossroads") to guide new (or experienced) users through [Discord](https://discordapp.com).

## Contributing
All major edits (including guide creation) should be done in a pull request.
Minor edits can be done directly into the repository, if you have access.

Correct folder structure and metadata structure is very important, as these metadata formats are read internally by a computer.

- Categories go into their own folders with lowercase dash-separated names
- Category folders contain a `category.json` file with information about the category. An example of a file using this format can be found in [example/category.json](https://github.com/TheCrossroads/discord-guides/blob/master/example/category.json)
- Document files are written in Markdown (`.md` files)
- Document files follow a set style-guide, as outlined in [example/document.md](https://github.com/TheCrossroads/discord-guides/blob/master/example/document.md)
- An example document can be found at [example/example.md](https://github.com/TheCrossroads/discord-guides/blob/master/example/example.md)

## License
All documentation in this repository, including user contributions, is licensed under [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). By committing to this repository, you agree to let your work be under this license.

"Discord", "Discord App", and any associated logos are registered trademarks of Hammer & Chisel, inc.
